---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

## Questions:
1. What did you do this past week?
2. What's in your way?
3. What will you do next week?

---
## Past Week
To be honest, I feel the first week back is always very overwhelming and hectic. I felt a little overwhelmed with all the assignments we have to do, but I think this happens to every students at the beginning of the semester. So in order to get organized, I went to the coop and bought my textbooks, added all the projects/assignments to my calendar, and set up the github for the blog posts. On Wednesday, we were presented with this extra credit opportunity. We can create a weekly blog discussing our experience in Software Engineering. On Friday, our first assignment was introduced. It is due in two weeks. 
---
## What's in your way
As discussed above, I felt a little overwhelmed after the first week in this class. So actually sitting down and beginning the first Project is in my way. But I think once I get that started, I will feel much better about this class.
---
## Next Week
Next week, I am going to get started on the project. On Monday, I believe we are going to finish discussing the project in class. In the early part of the week, I want to get everything for the project set up. This ensures that by mid week I can really understand and start completing the project. I like to be able to complete projects earlier than later so that if I have questions, I can go into office hours.
---
## Tip
If you are using the template given on the website, make sure and name your blog post correctly (aka year-month-day-title.md or it will not render).
