---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

## Questions:
1. What did you do this past week?
    
    This past week was a little slow. I had planned to start on phase 2 but did not get around to it. I had a lot to do at work this past week, so I was pretty busy with work obligations. I am a little worried because last time we had to rush to turn in the project and it was very hectic. So I would rather not do that again. I plan on starting on phase 2 tonight. I am in charge of front end, and my other group member who works on front end is very busy at the beginning of the week. So I think I will have to get us going and then he can finish up the final product. 
2. What's in your way?
    Currently, starting phase 2 is in my way. I understand we need to use flask to populate the pages initially, but I need to do some more research on how to use angularjs to load pages when they are clicked on, but to have flask pull up the initial data. This is going to a be a long week, since I have a big project due in iOS this week. Another thing standing in my way is the quizzes. I feel like I am always rushed, and never have enough time to complete them. So I guess this week I am going to try to show up a little earlier to class so I feel less rushed. But we are running out of time to get points on those quizzes... 
3. What will you do next week? 
    This upcoming week I will work on Phase 2 of the project. I have an idea of what I need to do, so I am about to try to do some research so I can implement it tomorrow.
  
## Tip
I started using the [Honey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/honey/bmnlcjabgnpnenekpadlanbbkooimhnj?hl=en-US) chrome extension, which automatically finds coupons for you on the internet! It actually helped me save 20% on my last CVS photo purchase. So I highly recommend it!

