---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

## Questions:
1. What did you do this past week?
    
    This past week my group and I finished phase 3 of our project. It was nice, we actually finished majority of it on Wednesday, and only had to make a few final touch ups on Thursday. I think this was the first time we didn't turn it in right before it was due! So go team! I also did ok on the quizzes this week. The quiz on Wednesday was difficult. 
2. What's in your way?

    Currently, finishing up the presentation is in my way. It is scary to think that we only have 2 weeks of school left. So the next quizzes truly matter. So I really need to focus and try to get 7 on the quizzese from here on out.
3. What will you do next week? 

    This upcoming week I will start studying for the test. I really want to start studying early because the last week of school is always very hectic. I want to feel very prepared for this last test since it is my last exam in college. I have a lot going on that last week, so hopefully I can get a lot of studying done this week so that I can not feel so pressured next week. 
  
## Class Experience
I really learned a lot about AngularJS through the entire experience of the project. I learned how to call an API which is very worthwhile and something I wish I had known before.

## Tip
Start studying now. Something might come up and you will be thankful that you started way too early. Also, for seniors, chug through because this might be the last time you ever take tests. Be thankful for it.

