---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

## Questions:
1. What did you do this past week?
  
    This past week was pretty hectic. I think having Spring Break in the middle of phase 1 of IDB was very difficult. We really started working on our project on Sunday, where we spent 6 hours coding. I am on the front-end team. By the end of Sunday, we realized we should've tried to use angularJS when we started working. So really all the work that was done on the front end side on Sunday was thrown away. I created a new branch and started from scratch on the front end on Sunday night, rebuilding the project, starting with angularJS. None of my group members had really worked with AngularJS, so I had to learn a lot in a short amount of time this week. I was able to get the front end done by late Wednesday night, and on Thursday we were able to turn in the product. I think the next step in this project will be another learning process for me. I have to learn how to pull from the DB to get information to show up on the front-end. So it should be yet another hectic two weeks, but I should learn a lot. 
2. What's in your way?

    I think not really having a resource to turn to for AngularJS is in my way. I had to do a lot of self teaching this week and I'm not even sure if what I did is correct in the coding world. It works for our website, but I have no idea if I am doing it correctly. I do wish we were taught more about how to use the tools because I don't really feel like I am learning AngularJS I feel like I am trying things and they happen to work, but I don't REALLY understand why.
3. What will you do next week? 

   This upcoming week I am going to work on the next phase of our project. I don't think that it has been released yet, but once it does, I will work on accomplishing the front end of the next phase of the project (and hopefully learn the backend along the way).

## Tip
So I always watch "fancy" devlepers manuever around their computer very quickly (aka, they know how to tab through chrome, or jump from one screen to the next). Here are a view helpful commands I learned this week for using Google Chrome with a Mac:
 * cmd+T: opens a new tab
 * cmd+shift+T: reopens the last tab you've closed
 * cmd+W: closes the current tab or pop-up
