---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

## Questions:
1. What did you do this past week?
  
    This past week my partner and I finished the Netflix project. We were actually able to finish the project by Wednesday night. I felt that we hit a few roadblocks in the fact that we weren't testing on the probe.txt, so we thought we had it working at one point, but in reality we only had it working for our subset of data. Thoughts on the project: I honestly thought this project was a little silly. There was no formula or coding skills necessary. You honestly just plugged in numbers until it worked, which made me frustrated. 
2. What's in your way?

    Currently, the quizzes. I wasn't doing too bad on the quizzes until this week. So I guess I really need to go home from class and understand what we learned in class each day. That way I can really respond to the quizzes well. This also brings up the fact that I am very unprepared for the upcoming test. I guess it is time to hit the books. 
3. What will you do next week?

    This upcoming week I am going to focus on preparing for the test. I want to be ready for the test when it comes and not have to "cram." So I definitely want to start preparing this week for it. 

## Tip
Check deadlines! I have been working all day on a project for another class. Turns out, it is due Friday. Some might say "well you have it done". Answer: not really, and I was so confused about things that we had to know that we hadn't been taught yet. So my tip of the week: is to check dates and deadlines.
