---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

## Questions:
1. What did you do this past week?
    
    This past week was a little slow. I had planned to start on phase 3 but did not get around to it. I'm pretty excited about this next phase because of the search we have to implement. I took the Info Retrieval and Web Search class last semester with Professor Mooney and really enjoyed it. So hopefully implementing the search won't be too difficult. I am a little disappointed with our last project grade. Points were taken off, but we are still unclear as to why. So I am going to email the TA after this and figure out exactly why we got points taken off. 
2. What's in your way?

    Currently, starting phase 3 is in my way. And of course the quizzes. I do not think that there is enough time to take the quiz when we have 3 questions about SQL (or maybe my brain is just slower than others). 
3. What will you do next week? 

    This upcoming week I will work on Phase 3 of the project. I have an idea of what I need to do, so I am about to try to do some research so I can implement it this week. I also want to have this project done earlier than later this week because we have a lot of senior banquets and things coming up. 
  
## Tip
I was at the Honors Banquet this weekend and a lot of students said they were planning on Traveling after Graduation in May. Here are some amazing sites I found to plan trips: 
* (Route Perfect)[https://www.routeperfect.com/trip-planner/]: Perfect for getting the most out of backpacking through a country
* (Trip It)[https://www.tripit.com/]: you can enter all the information you have about your trip so that confirmation numbers and reservations are stored in one location :) 

