---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

## Questions:
1. What did you do this past week?
  
   This past week I was busy finishing up the project. I was a little frustrated by the project, because some people I had talked to had gotten the code to pass on Sphere. So I assumed it was hard, but not that hard. So I worked for probably 6 or more hours extra to try and figure out how to get it working on Sphere, which I never sucessfully did. I actually went into office hours to ask a question, and the TA told me how hard it was to get working on Sphere. I was a little frustrated that I had not talked to the TA sooner, because I could've focused on the readings for this week. I didn't get the chance to complete the readings because of the project, but am going to try to finsih those today after I write this blog. 
  
2. What's in your way?

  I think the project was definitly in my way this week. I should've talked to a TA or some classmates sooners, so that I didn't spend so much time trying to implement Collatz to work with Sphere. 

3. What will you do next week?

   This upcoming week my partner and I are going to get started on the project. We want to get started early, so we can have next Sunday off. I also want to get ahead on the readings, that I didn't get to completely last week. 

## Tip
My tip of the week is to go into office hours early. I would've spent way less time trying to pass the code on Sphere, if I had talked to the TAs sooner. Also, I didn't remember that once your code successfully built on Travis that you should merge the dev branch with master. So that is a tip for those who also didn't realize that. 
