---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

## Questions:
1. What did you do this past week?
    
    This past week my team and I finished our Phase 2 project. I learned a lot this week about http requests. I am working on the front end of our project, so I have had to learn a lot about angularjs. I did not like the fact that we got an extension on it though, it meant we had to spend all day friday worrying about if we should update it or not. 
2. What's in your way?

    Currently, I am sick, so that is in my way, but as always the quizzes. My quiz scores improved this week. But I really need to focus on studying before class, instead of just glancing at my notes 5 minutes before class starts. I am going to start studying for 30 minutes the morning before class so that it is fresh in my head. That way it is more fresh in my head.  
3. What will you do next week? 

    This upcoming week, I will start phase 3. Hopefully, we can work on it this week. We haven't been too good about turning it in before the deadline. Most of the time we turn in it within the 20 minute window it is due. So that is very stressful for everyone involved.
  
## Tip
I am working on the front end of our project. I was having a lot of trouble knowing if the website was cached. So I have a couple ways of clearing the cache. I use chrome, so these are both for chrome. There is an extension you can download: [Clear Cache](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/clear-cache/cppjkneekbjaeellbfkmgnhonkkjfpdn). Another way to clear the cache while developing is to Right-click and Inspect Element to open the DevTools. Click Network in the toolbar. Check the Disable cache checkbox at the top. Both of these will disable the cache while you are developing.
