---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

## Questions:
1. What did you do this past week?
  
    This past week my group got together to discuss our project. We decided on a topic and started to create issues out git repo. I also did some research on the frameworks we will be using. I have never really worked in the backend, so I am excited to learn more about that process of developing a website. I also lost my virginity card to Slack, which I wish I had used before now. It has already been so helpful in this project. (But it sometimes stresses me out because I see how much work my team is doing)
2. What's in your way?

    This week I attended every class and still got a 0 on both of the quizzes! Yah for going to class but still not performing! So that was a bummer but life goes on. I also have a lot of tutorials to do because I feel a little behind compared to my group in understanding the technologies we are going to be using.
3. What will you do next week? 

    This upcoming week I will be laying on a beach in Cancun doing absolutely nothing. But in reality, I will be worrying constantly about finishing our project. I am very worried because it seems that all my professors decided to have major projects due the week we return from Spring Break. So that'll be a very stressful return from a very relaxing week in Cancun.

## Tip
I think the AngularJS tutorial is pretty helpful. I started going through it a couple days ago, and found it helpful. Also, note to others, CodeAcademy tutorial on AngularJS was not very helpful to me. So I wouldn't waste your time if I were you.
